Document AOT analysis warnings (#30967)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/deploying/native-aot/warnings/il3052.md

---
title: "IL3052: COM interop is not supported with full ahead of time compilation"

> description: "COM interop is not compatible with "

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Learn about warning IL3052: COM interop is not compatible with full ahead of time compilation."
```

ms.date: 09/01/2022
ms.topic: reference
ms.author: michals
author: MichalStrehovsky
f1_keywords:
  - "IL3052"
---
# IL3052: COM interop is not supported with full ahead of time compilation

## Cause

Built-in COM is not supported with native AOT compilation. Use [COM wrappers](../../../../standard/native-interop/com-wrappers.md) instead.

> When the unsupported codepath is reached at runtime, an exception will be thrown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the unsupported code path is reached at run time, an exception will be thrown.
```
